tutorial notebooks: minor fixes (#491)
lumicks/pylake: docs/examples/cas9_kymotracking/cas9_kymotracking.rst

The kymograph data is stored on Zenodo, a general-purpose open-access repository developed under the European OpenAIRE program and operated by CERN.
Zenodo allows researchers to deposit data sets, research software, reports, and any other research related digital artifacts and allows them to be referenced by a Digital Object Identifier (DOI).

> We can download the kymograph we need directly from Zenodo using the function :func:`~lumicks.pylake.download_from_doi` Pylake.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can download the kymograph we need directly from Zenodo using the function :func:`~lumicks.pylake.download_from_doi`.
```

Analyzing the results
---------------------

> The tracks are available in `kymowidget.tracks`, which returns a :class:`~lumicks.pylake.kymotracker.kymotrack.KymoTrackGroup` object.
> The group is a customized list of :class:`~lumicks.pylake.kymotracker.kymotrack.KymoTrack` objects which contain lists of position and time coordinates for each tracked particle.
> These can be accessed with the :attr:`~lumicks.pylake.kymotracker.kymotrack.KymoTrack.position` and :attr:`~lumicks.pylake.kymotracker.kymotrack.KymoTrack.seconds` properties, respectively. Let's grab the longest track we found, and have a look at its position over time::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tracks are available from the :attr:`~lumicks.pylake.nb_widgets.KymoWidgetGreedy.tracks` property, which returns a :class:`~lumicks.pylake.kymotracker.kymotrack.KymoTrackGroup` object.
This is a customized list of :class:`~lumicks.pylake.kymotracker.kymotrack.KymoTrack` objects which in turn contain lists of position and time coordinates for each tracked particle.
These coordinates can be accessed with the :attr:`~lumicks.pylake.kymotracker.kymotrack.KymoTrack.position` and :attr:`~lumicks.pylake.kymotracker.kymotrack.KymoTrack.seconds` properties, respectively. Let's grab the longest track we found, and have a look at its position over time::
```
